Deborah Sorrels CV.md (#164)
Laura-Novich-OBW/student-showcase: student-work/2023/Deborah-Sorrels/readme.md

* Transcribing verbatim documents of court cases from the New York City Department of 
Education  

**2015-2019: Freelance Editor, Writer**, Various organizations   
* Edited a grant proposal for the Head of Anesthesiology at RAMBAM Hospital   
* Edited two grant proposal for Tiltan Signals   
* Edited English sections of a high-tech website in America   
* Created marketing advertisement for Mon Salon in Israel   
* Edited and advised students from International School at Haifa University on final graduation 
projects  

**2015: Intern, Givat Haviva**, Hadera, Israel   
* Worked as an intern during the time that they were preparing for the 3rd Annual Givat Haviva 
Conference which launched their "Joint Vision" program that promoted their ideas for the 
creation for a shared society between Jews and Arabs in Israel   
* Contacted, via email, Jewish and Arab organizations in North America to try to get participants, 
contacted multiple Jewish and Arab organizations and all members of the Israeli Knesset for 
participation, contacted multiple local foreign embassies to try and get participants   
* Was successful in getting a couple of ambassadors and Knesset members to attend   

> * Subsequently, published an article for Givat Haviva about the conference, see below  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Subsequently, published [an article for Givat Haviva](http://www.givathaviva.org/2015-Developing-a-Joint-Vision-for-a-Shared-Society-in-Israel) about the conference 
```

**2011-2013: Graduate Teaching Assistant**, Western Kentucky University     
* Co-taught undergraduate level courses in the Hebrew Bible and Introduction to Religious 
Studies   
* Was responsible for grading all tests and assignments   
* Ran tutoring sessions for students that were interested prior to tests  

**2007-2011: Teacher**, Board of Education, Warren and Butler Counties, USA   
* Taught classes at high school level   
* Taught classes in various fields ranging from English as a Second Language, Art, Special 
Education, Language Arts, Science, Math, and Computer Science  

**1994-2001: Manager of Course and Training for New Employees at Toyota**, SEWS, Inc, 
Kentucky   
* Trained all new hires by working with them in a one-on-one environment teaching them about 
the specifics of their particular positions in the company which included such elements as 
individual responsibilities and duties, as well as, how to fill out and file required for the various 
positions  

## Academic and Professional Education  

**2020: Yandex Data Analysis Coding Bootcamp**    

> **Completed Projects Using Python, SQL, and Pandas**  

Reviewer: if these projects are hosted anywhere and are in the public domain - provide a link. This is something to be proud of. 
If they are not, consider adding them to your GitHub repository
